Workflow Docs: Add screenshots and workflow JSON download links (#20)
geocortex/dev-center: docs/workflow/usecases-mobile-implement-custom-form-elements.mdx

## Register the Form Element Registration Activity

Register the `RegisterCustomFormElementBase` class in the [`IActivityHandlerFactory` for the application](usecases-mobile-implement-custom-activity.mdx#register-the-activity-with-the-iactivityhandlerfactory).

```csharp
public class ActivityLoader : IActivityHandlerFactory
{
    public ActivityLoader()
    {
        ...
        RegisteredActivities[FormElementRegistrationActivity.Action] = () => new FormElementRegistrationActivity();
        ...
    }
    ...
}
```

Now you can [build a workflow for Geocortex Mobile](https://docs.geocortex.com/mobileviewer/latest/admin-help/Default.htm#gmv/designer/add-a-workflow-to-an-app.htm) that uses your new custom form element!

:::important
It is **essential** that this custom activity be run before the custom form element is used. It is best practice to run the form element registration activity at the start of a workflow.
:::

> Next, you need to run workflow that registers and then displays custom form element in your local Geocortex Mobile SDK. You will need to add the workflow content to a file named `custom-form-component-workflow.json` in the platform agnostic project, and then [link the workflow file](https://andrewlock.net/including-linked-files-from-outside-the-project-directory-in-asp-net-core/#adding-files-from-outside-the-project-by-linking) in each of the target platform projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next you need to run the workflow you just created in your Geocortex Mobile SDK project. You will need to add the workflow content to a file named `custom-form-component-workflow.json` in the platform agnostic project, and then [link the workflow file](https://andrewlock.net/including-linked-files-from-outside-the-project-directory-in-asp-net-core/#adding-files-from-outside-the-project-by-linking) in each of the target platform projects.
```
